Bug list

Version: 20110701a
Browsers tested: Chrome, Firefox 5.0

Module:

readMergeOptions - does not restore window position; attack troop qty; training troop qty, cap qty, map data

Info
Feature: Show the real amount of troops and show in parentheses next to the troop quantities how many troops are being used.
Info bug: Research sometimes goes negative and will not stop until you refresh the browser.

Wave - none

Attack
Attack UI issues including hilighting owned resources - fixed 
skip attack buttons for cities and outposts (non-released versions only), 
note: the original design does not show any targets if levels/troops have not been chosen in the levels tab. This is very disconcerting for the novice user. When this happens, I remind the user to use the Levels sub-tab. 
Changed default map to Anthropus Camp.
I have noticed that attacks are repeating from the beginning of the target list before they reach the end of the list. This should not happen.
The algorithm was flawed (see the flowchart for the changes I made)
Attack now skips targets if the last attack > repeat - fixed
Attack now skips the last target in the list and goes back to the first one
Attacks feature - need a way to clear the last attack field from the UI because Attacks now work correctly and will start up wherever they last left off. Will put a button to do so in the Attacks Config tab.
Attacks feature: it is possible to auto-attack your own wildernesses causing your troops to encamp. This is generally not what you want and it is annoying. I am adding a feature to disable auto-attacks on owned resources (if you really want to do so you may click the 'Attack Now' button.
Attack bug: t.delayMin undefined in autoCheckTargets() - fixed
Attacks bug: if you do not have sufficient troops to attach the next item in the list, the attack returns the "Insufficient troops" error. If multiple levels are selected (in the Levels sub-tab) it should continue looking through the list and not just give up.
Attacks feature: Do not automatically scan the map, wait for the user to initiate the scan on the maps sub-tab
Attacks bug: If you have more generals than can be used at your muster point, sending attacks will generate the error: Attack Error: Player cannot start any more Marches. This will quickly turn off auto-attacks. This only happens if you have more generals than muster point slots. After examining autoCheckTargets() I've found that the calculation for numMarches only reflects out-going marches (where the ownerId is set to 'camp'). The numMarches is only used to make sure we don't exceed the user set max marches, but this is a sneaky flaw that could manifest in other areas. The check for muster point slots should be the one to catch this bug, but it does not and I suspect that a similar flaw exists here.
Attack bug: found that scanMapBusy was being set to true when dat.done in butSearchNow(). Fixed.
Attack feature: Added 'Clear' button and checkbox to allow users to clear the last attacked field in the target list. This allows the user to start at the top of the list again rather than wherever they last left off.
Attack bug: mapObject array had information in it when map is transferred causing some wrong map types to exist in the target list. I zero the array length before copying the new target list in butTransfer(). Fixed.
Attack feature (private build only): Append alliance name to city/outpost target list

Train - short queue model working
Training does not requeue for multiple cities as soon as a city finishes its training queue. For example, if I am training 200 fangs in my outpost, 300 bds in the city, and 300 bds in the other outpost and the fangs finish training auto-training does not requeue until all the training is complete - fixed   
TRAIN ERROR: You do not meet the necessary requirements - this will only show if I have not caught the requirements correctly.
Training does not calculate population correctly - fixed
Training skipped porters (loop started at 1) - fixed
Training now works correctly for the short queue model.
Training feature: add maximum troop cap. Stop training when the cap has been reached. Perhaps add a resource limit cap (don't go below).
Train: weirdness!! trainTick() was getting called without the parameter 'ic' being defined! This caused all kinds of subtle and very strange problems. The fix, for now, is to detect if ic is undefined and then assign it a value of zero. Unfortunately, Javascript does not support default parameters... Fixed - found I was calling trainTick with a parameter that was out of scope. 
Training bug: long q does not stop when cap is reached.
Training feature: added third outpost and Firetroops. Guessed at new troop name: Djinn - will replace when I see what the actual name is
Training bug: Stonetroop (and Firetroop) training not supported through checkReqs. Will add when I can build them.

Build
Build bug: If we have a build job and the time remaining is negative or zero we should delete the job
Build feature: building caps started, UI implemented.

Log - TBD: remove mapping information from the Log

Opts - none

Other
DoAtLoaded bug: Found ptWinPos in Data was not initialized causing strange behavior for the starting position of the main window. Fixed.

Browser specific bugs:
Firefox does not save/restore information correctly. For example, refreshing the browser turns off auto-attacks, and resets the auto-attack config records to defaults.

Translations: Provide French, Spanish, German, Dutch, and Italian translations
1. French (complete)
2. Spanish (complete)
3. German (tbd)
4. Dutch (complete)
5. Italian (tbd)
Remove strings from the translation process that are passed to the server.
tabTargets - remove mapType and check directly against the string constant
